Update README.md (#2)
icristescu/benchmarks: tezos docker/README.md

where `<path-to-archive-store>` should be a folder containing `archive_store` and the `blocks_above_933913` file. Note that the `archive_store` will be modified by the benchmarks, so be sure that it is a copy of the initial archive store to benchmark (which you can get from `/data/ioana/init_archive_store/` on `comanche`.

> In the `offline_bootstrap.sh` script, `tezos_node` connects to a fake baker on port `8732` . The fake baker reads already produced blocks on mainnet, tries to simulate the operations as it would have done if it was normally producing blocks. So, the baker uses `blocks_above_933913` files, and the next block with id `933914` is generated.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In the `offline_bootstrap.sh` script, `tezos_node` connects to a baker on port `8732`. `tezos-baker-006-PsCARTHA` is a fake baker: it reads file `blocks_above_933913`, which contains already produced blocks on mainnet, and it tries to simulate the operations as it would have done if it was normally producing blocks. So, the baker uses the file to generate the next block with id `933914` and to send it over to the `tezos_node`.
```

> The `baker` sends id `933914` to the node.

Reviewer: you can remove this line, as it's now integrate in the paragraph above.

> Once the `offline_bootsrap.sh` finishes, all blocks that have been read from the file and sent over to the node; they are now in the archive store.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Once the `offline_bootsrap.sh` finishes, all blocks have been read from the file and sent over to the node; they are now in the `archive_store`.
```

```
where <path-to-data> is the folder where the logs and the resulting plots will be stored.

> The `init_archive_store` contains the store with blocks upto `933913` and is used to initalize a store for the baker to read from. Once the `offline_script.sh` finishes executing it has read all the block that are to be read.

Reviewer: maybe move this upper, it seems to logical follow after line 15?

Also, just a suggestion of rephrasing this, the last phrase is not very clear yet
```suggestion
The `init_archive_store` contains the store with blocks up to `933913` and it is used to initialize the store for both the node and the baker. During the benchmarks blocks are added to the store, so you need to reinitialise your store before every run of your benchmarks (for instance by copying  `init_archive_store`). 
```
